Status/2023Q3/openssl3.adoc: Add report (#261)
freebsd/freebsd-doc: website/content/en/status/report-2023-07-2023-09/openssl3.adoc

The most obvious update since the previous report is certainly the 3.0.10 and then 3.0.11 releases, fixing CVE issues with low to medium severity (link:https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2023-2975[CVE-2023-2975], link:https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2023-3446[CVE-2023-3446], link:https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2023-3817[CVE-2023-3817], link:https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2023-4807[CVE-2023-4807]).

However this is not the only change, and this quarter some issues specific to the integration were fixed, most of which were found while building ports with OpenSSL 3 in the base system.
This included:

* Linking the engines and the legacy provider with the libcrypto.so shared object, for proper visibility of symbols, and for which a link:https://cgit.freebsd.org/src/commit/Makefile.inc1?id=1a18383a52bc373e316d224cef1298debf6f7e25[hack was required in the build system].
* Correcting the list of source files for the FIPS provider.

> * Ensuring backward compatibility for the deprecated 0.9.8 API, which was notably helpful for the PAM authentication module from link:https://www.freshports.org/security/pam_ssh_agent_auth/[security/pam_ssh_agent_auth], based on OpenSSH's link:https://man.freebsd.org/cgi/man.cgi?ssh-agent(1)[ssh-agent] authentication mechanism.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Ensuring backward compatibility for the deprecated 0.9.8 API, which was notably helpful for the PAM authentication module from package:security/pam_ssh_agent_auth[], based on OpenSSH's man:ssh-agent[1] authentication mechanism.
```
